[Music]
is fine
my weakness comes and goes
i'm reaching out for the easy high
please
[Music]
my body aches to be satisfied
my weakness comes and goes
[Music]
my weakness comes and
goes my weakness
comes and goes
[Music]
my weakness comes and goes he
goes
my soul my
weakness comes and goes
[Music]
so
you know i'm too generous
now i've learned to never help you
out
[Music]
cause i'm done cleaning up your mess
found myself in my regress
i become
[Music]
[Applause]
you know i'm too generous
[Music]
found myself
stronger
[Music]
[Applause]
you casting on my promises
you know i'm too generous
now i've learned to never help you out
cause i'm done cleaning up your
found myself in my regress
i've become a little stronger now
a little stronger
[Music]
oh you make me wanna talk back
talk back to you say you say it like
that
if i hate you then find someone new
[Music]
just like
like
[Music]
again